Install doc (#147)
UtrechtUniversity/iBridges: docs/source/install.rst

.. code:: bash

    pip install ibridges

Configure iBridges
-------------------

iBridges connects to an iRODS server. To do so it needs an iRODS client configuration file, the `irods_nevironment.json`.
It is the same file which is also used with other iRODS clients e.g. the (`icommands`).
  
Below we give an example of such a file

.. code:: json

    {
        "irods_host": "<iRODS servername or IP address>",
        "irods_port": 8247,
        "irods_user_name": "<irods username>",
        "irods_home": "/<irods_zone>/home/<irods username>",
        "irods_zone_name": "<iRODS zone name>",
        "irods_client_server_negotiation": "request_server_negotiation",
        "irods_client_server_policy": "CS_NEG_REQUIRE",
        "irods_default_hash_scheme": "SHA256",
        "irods_default_resource": "irodsResc",
        "irods_encryption_algorithm": "AES-256-CBC",
        "irods_encryption_key_size": 32,
        "irods_encryption_num_hash_rounds": 16,
        "irods_encryption_salt_size": 8
    }

It is recommended to store this file in the default location `~/.irods/irods_environment.json`. 
However, if needed you can point iBridges also to a different location.

> Please make sure that the file is really saved as `.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that the file is saved as `.json`.
```

Configuration of your `home` collection
----------------------------------------

> iBridges makes use of the conugration item `"irods_home"`. The `"irods_home"` is your default path on the iRODS server which in iBridges you can address with `~` when creating paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
iBridges makes use of the configuration setting `"irods_home"`. The `"irods_home"` is your default path on the iRODS server which in iBridges you can address with `~` when creating paths.
```
